Add Roadmaps (#1499)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Educational Games](https://github.com/yrgo/awesome-eg#readme) - Learn while playing.
- [JavaScript Learning](https://github.com/micromata/awesome-javascript-learning#readme)
- [CSS Learning](https://github.com/micromata/awesome-css-learning#readme) - Mainly about CSS – the language and the modules.

> - [Roadmaps](https://github.com/liuchong/awesome-roadmaps#readme) - Give you a clear route to improve your knowledge or skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Roadmaps](https://github.com/liuchong/awesome-roadmaps#readme) - Gives you a clear route to improve your knowledge and skills.
```

Author: Thanks!

- [Speakers](https://github.com/karlhorky/awesome-speakers#readme) - Conference and meetup speakers in the programming and design community.
- [Software Patreons](https://github.com/uraimo/awesome-software-patreons#readme) - Fund individual programmers or the development of open source projects.
- [Parasite](https://github.com/ecohealthalliance/awesome-parasite#readme) - Parasites and host-pathogen interactions.

> - [Roadmap](https://github.com/liuchong/awesome-roadmap#readme) - A curated list of roadmaps.

Reviewer: > The entry in the Awesome list should:
Include a short description about the project/theme of the list. **It should not describe the list itself.**
